clarify the meaning of small transaction for TTL (#9864)
pingcap/docs: tidb-troubleshooting-map.md

- 7.2.3 `TxnLockNotFound`.

>     This transaction commit is too slow, causing that it is rolled back by other transactions after Time To Live (TTL). This transaction will automatically retry, so the business is usually not affected. For a small transaction within 0.25 MB, the default TTL is 3 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This transaction commit is too slow, causing it to be rolled back by other transactions after Time To Live (TTL). This transaction will automatically retry, so the business is usually not affected. For a transaction with a size of 0.25 MB or smaller, the default TTL is 3 seconds.
```
